I invented a new word: Plagiarism.
Parallel lines have so much in common, it’s a shame they’ll never meet.
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, so I had to put my foot down.
I poured root beer into a square glass, and now I just have beer.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places, and he told me to stop going to those places.
I'm on a seafood diet; I see food and I eat it.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high, and she looked surprised.
I threw a boomerang a few years ago; I now live in constant fear.
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory; all I did was take a day off.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day, but I couldn't find any.
I'm reading a book on anti-gravity, and I just can't put it down.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He’ll stop at nothing to avoid them.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
I asked my computer if it needed a break, and it said it was already quite hard-driven.
Don't trust atoms; they make up everything.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer; I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
To the guy who invented zero: thanks for nothing.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago, and I've never looked back since.
I told my suitcase that there will be no holiday this year, and now I'm dealing with emotional baggage.
A blind man walks into a bar, then a table, then a chair.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
What do you call a pony with a cough? A little horse.
I told a chemistry joke once, but I got no reaction.
The future, the present, and the past walked into a bar; things got a little tense.
A termite walks into the pub and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
I'm terrified of elevators, so I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Why did the math book look sad? Because of all of its problems.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me that I could do it with my eyes closed.
I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I struggled to make hens meet.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
The man who survived pepper spray and mustard gas is now a seasoned veteran.
I couldn't figure out how to put my seatbelt on, but then it clicked.
I started a band called 999 Megabytes; we haven't gotten a gig yet.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I told my wife I wanted to be cremated, and she made me an appointment for Tuesday.
A grasshopper walks into a bar, and the bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper looks surprised and asks, "You have a drink named Steve?"
I asked my dog what's on top of the house, and he said, "Roof!"
I burned 2,000 calories today; I left my pizza in the oven too long.
My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean.
I told my physical therapist I broke my leg in two places, and she told me to stop going to those places.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
I’m reading a book about mazes; I got completely lost in it.
I’m on a whiskey diet; I’ve lost three days already.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
I'm great at multitasking; I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
I intend to live forever; so far, so good.
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
The best time to add insult to injury is when you're signing somebody's cast.
I didn't fall down; I did attack the floor, though.
Some people just lack the ability to laugh at themselves, and that's where I come in.
Do not argue with an idiot; they will drag you down to their level and beat you with experience.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
My bed is a magical place where I suddenly remember everything I was supposed to do.
The older I get, the earlier it gets late.
I don't suffer from insanity; I enjoy every minute of it.
I am not lazy; I am just on energy-saving mode.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years; then we met.
I put my phone in airplane mode, but it’s not flying.
I swallowed a dictionary, and it gave me the thesaurus throat I've ever had.
I used to be a tap dancer until I fell in the sink.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
The man who invented Velcro has died; RIP.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble.
I'm glad I know sign language; it's pretty handy.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it's two-tired.
I bought a boat because it was on sail.
Need to build an ark? I Noah guy.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet, but that's just nuts.
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
People who use selfie sticks really need to have a good look at themselves.
Geology rocks, but geography is where it's at.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall; the police are looking into it.
If you don't pay your exorcist, do you get repossessed?
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
I started a business selling landmines; it's blowing up.
If you want to catch a squirrel, just act like a nut.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
I don't have a beer belly; I have a protective covering for my rock-hard abs.
My boss is going to fire the employee with the worst posture; I have a hunch it might be me.
I got fired from the keyboard factory yesterday because I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
My wife told me to put the toilet seat down, so I insulted it.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro; it's a total rip-off.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon; I'll let you know which comes first.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
I told my doctor I have a problem with my hearing; he said, "Describe the symptoms," I said, "Homer is a fat guy and Marge has blue hair."
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
I bought a dog from a blacksmith, and as soon as I got him home, he made a bolt for the door.
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it.
I've been trying to make a joke about amnesia, but I keep forgetting the punchline.
The easiest time to find things you lost is when you buy a replacement.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick.
What do you call a bear in the rain? A drizzly bear.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot; it got so bad I had to take his bike away.
I've started a business selling invisible cloaks, but I can't see it taking off.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
I used to be a history teacher, but there was no future in it.
People who sell hot dogs are the wurst.
A prisoner's favorite punctuation mark is the period, because it marks the end of his sentence.
Why are stadium builders so good at their jobs? Because they know how to seat a crowd.
The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered.
My granddad always used to say, "As one door closes, another one opens." Lovely man, terrible cabinet maker.
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it.
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape; that would be a big step forward.
My friend drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how a Mercedes bends.
I’m starting a new dating service in Prague; it’s called Czech-Mate.
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter.
I tried to catch fog yesterday, but I mist.
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
I asked the librarian if she had any books on paranoia, and she whispered, "They're right behind you."
The guy who invented the door knocker got a No-bell prize.
What do you call an everyday potato? A commentator.
I bought a vacuum cleaner recently, and it really sucks.
I wanted to be a doctor, but I didn't have the patience.
I accidentally drank a bottle of invisible ink, and now I'm in the hospital waiting to be seen.
Why did the cow cross the road? To get to the udder side.
I don’t trust stairs; they’re always up to something.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth; then it's a soap opera.
My dictionary is terrible; I couldn't find the words to describe it.
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage, but I lost my case.
I used to play sports, but then I realized you can buy trophies.
You know you're getting old when your back goes out more than you do.
I gave away my dead batteries today, completely free of charge.
A backward poet writes inverse.
I used to be a transplant surgeon, but my heart just wasn't in it.
I'm reading a book about teleportation, and it's bound to get me somewhere.
When you teach a wolf to meditate, he becomes aware wolf.
I tried to write a theater play about a pun, but it was a play on words.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.
Don't spell part backwards; it's a trap.
I told my friends I was going to make a bike out of spaghetti, and they didn't believe me until I rode pasta.
I got a job at a bakery because I kneaded dough.
A vulture boards an airplane with two dead raccoons, and the flight attendant says, "I'm sorry, sir, only one carrion allowed."
I poured a glass of water down the stairs; now I have a waterfall.
The easiest way to double your money is to fold it in half.
My dad suggested I register for a donor card; he's a man after my own heart.
I went to a seafood disco last week and pulled a muscle.
Two goldfish are in a tank; one looks at the other and says, "You know how to drive this thing?"
Two soldiers are in a tank; one looks at the other and says, "BLUB BLUB BLUB."
My wife asked me to stop singing "Wonderwall," I said maybe.
I tried to explain to my four-year-old that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
Someone stole my mood ring, and I don't know how I feel about that.
Just because nobody complains doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect.
The inventor of the throat lozenge died last week; there was no coffin at his funeral.
I once swallowed a handful of scrabble tiles; my next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster.
What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt.
I’m thinking about removing my spine; I feel like it’s only holding me back.
My friend thinks he's smart because he told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
A magician was driving down the street, and then he turned into a driveway.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, try swimming with sharks—it cost me an arm and a leg.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she'd ever been with; she said yes, all the others had been nines and tens.
Working in a mirror factory is something I can totally see myself doing.
I got a universal remote control for my birthday, but it doesn't change the universe.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I tried wearing tight jeans, but I couldn't pull it off.
My wife told me to stop talking in numbers, but I 1der y 2.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
I asked a French guy if he played video games, and he said "Wii."
A computer virus is just an illness that has gone digital.
When a clock is hungry, it goes back four seconds.
I entered ten puns into a contest hoping one would win, but no pun in ten did.
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid, but he says he can stop anytime.
A bartender broke a glass, and the patron said, "A smashing success!"
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo.
You're not completely useless; you can always serve as a bad example.
A perfectionist walked into a bar... usually it’s a perfectly straight line, but he miscalculated.
I put my grandma on speed dial; now I call her instagram.
Did you hear about the guy who stole a calendar? He got twelve months.
Police arrested two kids yesterday, one for drinking battery acid and the other for eating fireworks; they charged one and let the other off.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
I bought a wooden whistle, but it wooden whistle.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints.
What do you call a magic dog? A labracadabrador.
I poured some spot remover on my dog, and now he's gone.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, "Give me a beer and a mop."
My grief counselor died last week; he was so good I didn't even care.
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way.
I asked my wife what she wanted for her birthday, and she said, "Nothing would make me happier than a diamond necklace," so I bought her nothing.
I have an inferiority complex, but it's not a very good one.
I told my psychiatrist that I've been hearing voices, and he told me I don't have a psychiatrist.
When I was a kid, my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.
I hate Russian dolls; they're so full of themselves.
What do you call a super articulate dinosaur? A Thesaurus.
I wrote a song about a tortilla; well actually, it’s more of a wrap.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport, I’m just doing it for kicks.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me; I thought it was a nice jester.
The machine at the coin factory just suddenly stopped working with no explanation; it doesn't make any cents.
My room is so untidy, it was easier to insure it against burglary than to clean it.
When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him, I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
I got hit in the head with a can of soda yesterday, but thankfully it was a soft drink.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
The first rule of Alzheimer's club is... wait, where are we?
I threw a party for a bunch of time travelers, but none of them showed up.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but then I turned myself around.
I was trying to come up with a joke about a fat ghost, but I couldn't think of any plump lines.
Did you hear about the guy who evaporated? He will be deeply mist.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex; they're his watch dogs.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; they'll never expect it back.
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
A pessimist's blood type is always B-negative.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you, I have contacts.
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got fine written all over you.
I ordered a deck of cards online, but it's taking forever to deal with the shipping.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction, so I packed up my stuff and right.
If a parsley farmer is sued, can they garnish his wages?
Rest in peace boiling water, you will be mist.
My wife told me to put the cat out; I didn't even know it was on fire.
How do you keep a bagel from getting away? Put lox on it.
Have you heard about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu, you get what you deserve.
The best thing about the good old days is that we were neither good nor old.
Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up, my pillow was gone.
A boiled egg is hard to beat.
I don’t have an attitude problem; you have a perception problem.
Whenever I undress in the bathroom, my shower gets turned on.
My friend’s bakery burned down last night; now his business is toast.
I bought a ceiling fan the other day, and I've been giving it standing ovations ever since.
I tried to start a hot air balloon business, but it never took off.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, if you throw it hard enough.
I used to be a shoe salesman, but I didn't have the sole for it.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
My doctor told me I was going deaf, and the news was hard for me to hear.
I have a pen that can write underwater; it can write other words too.
I’m reading a book on the history of glue, and I can't put it down.
I bought a dictionary today, but the pages were blank; I have no words to describe my anger.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself, "This changes everything."
I broke my finger today, but on the other hand, I'm completely fine.
What do you call a bear with no ears? B.
I asked my dog to fetch me a newspaper, but he told me to read it online like everyone else.
I'm writing a book about reverse psychology; please don't buy it.
My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type; as he died, he kept telling us to "be positive," but it's hard without him.
Did you hear about the fire at the circus? It was in tents.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
I got a wooden bike with wooden wheels and a wooden seat, but it wooden go.
I'm afraid for the calendar; its days are numbered.
The inventor of the hide-and-seek game has been found dead; he was 84.
I can't believe I forgot to go to the gym today; that's seven years in a row now.
Why do scuba divers fall backward into the water? Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.
What happens when a frog's car breaks down? It gets toad.
What do you call a snobbish criminal going down stairs? A condescending con descending.
My wife said I never listen to her, or something like that.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
I used to have a handle on life, but then it broke.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
The problem with kleptomaniacs is that they always take things literally.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
I changed my iPod's name to Titanic, and now it's syncing.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What did the grape say when it got crushed? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
I'm trying to organize a hide and seek tournament, but good players are hard to find.
When I told the doctor about my loss of memory, he made me pay in advance.
I hate insect jokes; they really bug me.
I gave my handyman a to-do list, but he only did jobs 1, 3, and 5; I guess he only does odd jobs.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
How does a rabbi make his coffee? Hebrews it.
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.
I’d tell you a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
I just got a new job at a guillotine factory; I'll be executing orders.
A jump lead walks into a bar; the bartender says, "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
I told my boss that three companies were after me, so I need a raise; he asked which ones, I said gas, water, and electricity.
My boss asked me to make a presentation, and I said, "Sure, what's the topic?" He said, "You're fired."
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barbecue.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner as all it was doing was gathering dust.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the "P" is silent.
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman.
I'd tell you a joke about a pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I stayed up all night to see where the sun went, and then it dawned on me.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Why do vampires seem sick? They are always coffin.
I asked my cat what 2 minus 2 is; he said nothing.
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
Why do we tell actors to "break a leg"? Because every play has a cast.
What is a computer's favorite beat? An algo-rhythm.
What do you call a pile of cats? A meow-ntain.
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left.
What do you call a person who is happy on Monday? Retired.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Why did the bullet end up losing his job? He got fired.
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
What kind of tea is hard to swallow? Reality.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
How do you measure a snake? In inches, because they don't have feet.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two.
Why don't they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why did the belt go to prison? For holding up a pair of pants.
Why did the melon jump into the lake? It wanted to be a water-melon.
What do you call a blind dinosaur? A do-you-think-he-saurus.
Why are pigs terrible at sports? They play dirty.
I ate a clock yesterday; it was very time-consuming.
What do you get if you cross a stereo and a refrigerator? Cool music.
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.
Why was the broom late for work? It over-swept.
I'd tell you a joke about noble gases, but there would be no reaction.
Why don't some fish play piano? Because you can't tuna fish.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed.
Why was the equal sign so humble? Because it wasn’t less than or greater than anyone else.
Why do hummingbirds hum? Because they don't know the words.
What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind? A maybe.
What do you call an apology written in dots and dashes? Remorse code.
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell.
What do you call a bear without socks? Barefoot.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? To get a root canal.
How does a lumberjack know how many trees he’s cut down? He keeps a log.
What did one plate say to his friend? Dinner is on me.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
Why don't ants get sick? Because they have little anty-bodies.
I used to be a plastic surgeon, which raised a few eyebrows.
I asked my friend to help me round up my 37 sheep; he said, "40."
I told my doctor I feel like a pack of cards; he told me to deal with it.
My friend said he didn't understand cloning, so I told him, "That makes two of us."
I've got a great joke about a roof, but it would go over your head.
I told a joke over a Zoom meeting, but it wasn't even remotely funny.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? They just seem a bit shady.
I used to be a structural engineer, but I couldn't handle the tension.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks, "How much for a drink?" The bartender says, "For you, no charge."
I wanted to learn how to drive a stick shift, but I couldn't find the manual.
I'm reading a book about teleportation; it's getting me nowhere fast.
I told my friend I was going to make a bicycle out of cheese, and he said I was out of my gouda mind.
My computer suddenly started singing "Someone Like You"; I think it's a Dell.
I got a job testing out trampolines; it has its ups and downs.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
I bought a pair of shoes from a drug dealer; I've been tripping all day.
I decided to take up fencing, but my neighbors said they liked the hedge better.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory, but I got fired for taking a day off.
I tried to write a joke about a blunt pencil, but there's no point.
I tried to explain to my dog that he's adopted, but he didn't seem to care.
I asked a librarian if they had any books on turtles; she said, "Hardback?" I said, "Yeah, and little heads."
I went to a psychic, and she asked for my name; I told her she wasn't very good.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes, so she gave me a hug.
I bought a sweater that picks up static electricity, so I returned it free of charge.
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line.
I tried to sue the airport for losing my luggage, but I lost my case.
I asked the gym instructor if he could teach me to do the splits; he asked, "How flexible are you?" I said, "I can't do Tuesdays."
I wanted to be a mirror maker, but I couldn't see myself doing it.
Why did the math book look sad? Because of all its problems.
I got fired from the keyboard factory because I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
I told my physical therapist I broke my arm in two places; he told me to stop going to those places.
I bought a vacuum cleaner, and it just gathers dust.
I tried to catch some fog earlier, but I mist.
I got a new pair of corduroy pillows; they're making headlines.
I told my computer if it needed a break, and it said it was already hard-driven.
I tried to catch a squirrel, but I acted like a nut.
I tried to make a joke about amnesia, but I keep forgetting the punchline.
Parallel lines have so much in common, it's a shame they'll never meet.
I'm reading a book on anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
I would tell you a chemistry joke, but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Six out of seven dwarfs are not Happy.
Never trust atoms; they make up everything.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
Velcro: what a rip-off.
The future, the present, and the past walked into a bar. It was tense.
Broken pencils are pointless.
A pun is its own reword.
Don't trust people who do acupuncture; they're back stabbers.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won't stop sending me vacation ads.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no-bell prize.
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not sure.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went, then it dawned on me.
I tried to catch some fog earlier; I mist.
I used to be a vegetarian, but I had to quit for the halibut.
A perfectionist walked into a bar. Apparently the bar wasn't set high enough.
I'm on a roll this week; I already dropped two things.
Someone stole my mood ring; I don't know how I feel about that.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
Prison is just one word to you, but for some people it's a whole sentence.
Never criticize someone until you've walked a mile in their shoes; that way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes.
I've started telling everyone about the benefits of eating dried grapes; it's all about raisin awareness.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust.
Why do we tell actors to break a leg? Because every play has a cast.
Statistics show that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
Why don't oysters share their pearls? Because they're shellfish.
Justice is a dish best served cold, or so I've heard through the grapevine.
I gave all my dead batteries away today, free of charge.
I'm reading a horror story in braille; something bad is about to happen, I can feel it.
Energizer Bunny arrested; charged with battery.
I couldn't figure out how to fasten my seatbelt, then it just clicked.
When the smog lifts in Los Angeles, U.C.L.A.
A vulture boards an airplane carrying two dead raccoons. The attendant says, "I'm sorry, sir, only one carrion allowed per passenger."
I asked my French friend if he liked to play video games; he said, "Wii."
I got a chicken for my wife, but it turned out to be a bad trade.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
Class trip to the Coca-Cola factory; hope there's no pop quiz.
Corduroy pillows are making headlines.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
I did a theatrical performance about puns; it was a play on words.
The dentist said my teeth are fine, but my gums have to go.
I changed my iPod's name to Titanic; it's syncing now.
England has no kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool.
I've been struggling to figure out how lightning works, but I finally got a bolt of inspiration.
I planted some birdseed; a bird came up, so now I don't know what to feed it.
I lost my job at the bank on my first day; a woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her.
I got fired from the calendar factory because I took a day off.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
I recently decided to sell my Hoover; well, it was just collecting dust.
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid, but he says he can stop any time.
I used to work at a shoe recycling shop; it was sole destroying.
A soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
I got over my addiction to chocolate, marshmallows, and nuts; I won't lie, it was a rocky road.
Just so everyone's clear, I'm going to start using sarcasm in every sentence from now on.
I own the world's worst thesaurus; not only is it bad, it's bad.
Tiling shops really do lay it on you.
Milk is the fastest liquid on earth; it's pasteurized before you even see it.
I've been diagnosed with astraphobia, so my therapist wants me to talk about my fear of lightning; I told her I'd rather not, it's a shocking subject.
Employee of the month is a great example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time.
I asked the gym instructor if he could teach me to do the splits; he said, "How flexible are you?" I said, "I can't make Tuesdays."
Have you heard about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu; you get what you deserve.
There was a robbery at a butcher shop; two hamburgers were held up at gunpoint.
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
The graveyard is so crowded, people are just dying to get in.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
I used to be a personal trainer, but I lost interest, so I let myself go.
Reading while sunbathing makes you well red.
I got my daughter a fridge for her birthday; I can't wait to see her face light up when she opens it.
Some people say I have a preference for old, dilapidated buildings; I'm not condoning it, but I do have a soft spot for it.
I wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger; then it hit me.
A book just fell on my head; I only have my shelf to blame.
The math teacher called in sick with algebra; I think she has a lot of problems.
Everyone loved the pun about the boomerang; it kept coming back to them.
I recently invested in a company that makes stairs; business is looking up.
I bought the world's worst thesaurus yesterday; not only is it terrible, it's terrible.
I used to be a baker because I kneaded the dough, but I couldn't make enough bread.
I'm reading a book about mazes; I got lost in it.
Small children at the airport are ruining my carefully cultivated aura of danger and mystery.
The cannibal passed his exam with a 100%; he was outstanding in his field.
I asked the librarian if the library had any books on paranoia; she whispered, "They're right behind you."
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
The magician got so angry during his act that he pulled his hare out.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes; she gave me a hug.
What do you call a fly with no wings? A walk.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
What do you call a group of musical whales? An orca-stra.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backward? A receding hare-line.
What do you call a pony with a cough? A little hoarse.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A labracadabrador.
What do you call an owl who does magic tricks? Whoodini.
What do you call a fish without eyes? A fsh, again but with feeling.
What do you call a cow during an earthquake? A milkshake.
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blueberry.
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
What do you call an angry pea? Grump-kin.
What do you call two crows on a branch? Attempted murder.
What do you call a very small mother? A minimum.
What do you call an alligator detective? An investigator, obviously.
What do you call a musical fish? A bass.
What do you call a computer floating in the ocean? A screensaver.
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador, take two.
What do you call a fish that needs help with vocals? Auto-tuna.
What do you call a fear of speed bumps? Slowly getting over it.
What do you call two spiders that just got married? Newlywebs.
What do you call an ant who fights crime? A vigilANTe.
What do you call a snake that works for the government? A civil serpent.
What do you call a very polite iceberg? A gentle-man.
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
What do you call a train loaded with bubblegum? A chew-chew train.
What do you call a pile of cats? A meow-tain.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? A wise quacker.
What do you call a fish that plays basketball? Michael Fin.
What do you call an insect that tells time? A clockroach.
What do you call a monkey that likes chips? A chipmunk.
What do you call a fish hospital? The tank.
Why don't scientists trust stairs? Because they're always up to something.
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they'd be bagels.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field, twice as good this time.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? Because she'll let it go.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why don't melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired, and it lost its balance.
Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of socks? In case he got a hole in one.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs.
Why did the math book look sad? It had too many problems.
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All the fans left.
Why did the picture go to jail? It was framed.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumbly.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? It wasn't peeling well.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold hard cash.
Why did the orange stop rolling? It ran out of juice.
Why don't calendars ever get stressed? They have a lot of days off.
Why did the grape stop in the middle of the road? It ran out of juice, too.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend? He needed space.
Why did the gym close down? It just didn't work out.
Why don't ants ever get sick? They have tiny anty-bodies.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze.
Why did the clock in the cafeteria run slow? It always went back four seconds.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
Why did the smartphone need glasses? It lost all its contacts.
Why did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're really good at it.
Why did the belt get arrested? For holding up a pair of pants.
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one, thanks for asking.
Why did the computer go to therapy? It had too many bytes of emotional baggage.
Why did the light bulb fail school? It wasn't very bright.
Why did the balloon go to school? To get a little more air in its head.
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because it was stuffed.
Why did the baker stop making donuts? He got tired of the hole business.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why did the crab never share? Because it's shellfish.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing, and it happens every time.
Why did the mushroom get invited to every party? Because he was a fungi.
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? He had no body to go with him.
Why did the ghost go into the bar? For the boos.
Why did the man bring a ladder to the bar? He heard the drinks were on the house.
Why did the stadium builders always seat a full house? Because they know how to seat a crowd.
Why did the invisible man decline the office? He couldn't picture himself in the role.
Why did the software developer go broke? Because he used up all his cache.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high; she looked surprised.
My wife told me to stop singing "Wonderwall"; I said maybe.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with revenge; we'll see about that.
My friend keeps saying "cheer up, it might never happen"; it already has, and it's called your face.
My wife asked me to pass her lipstick, but I passed her a glue stick by mistake; she still isn't talking to me.
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo; I had to put my foot down.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
My New Year's resolution is to stop leaving things to the last minute; starting next December.
My dog used to chase people on a bike; it got so bad I had to take his bike away.
My wife is on a tropical food diet; I told her that's a bit much.
My accountant asked me for my prize possessions for insurance purposes; I said, "My arms, I guess."
My wife told me to embrace my mistakes; so I gave her a hug.
My friend's bakery burned down last night; now his business is toast.
My wife said if I don't stop singing "I'm a Believer" she'll leave me; I said, "Then I'm a Believer."
My son asked me what happens after we die; I said I don't know, but I let him keep the dog.
My wife told me she was leaving me because I'm obsessed with revenge; I'll get her back for that.
My wife wants me to stop impersonating a flamingo; I'll have to put my foot down.
My computer keeps asking for my password to continue; I feel like it's just being nosy at this point.
The two guys who stole a calendar each got six months.
The librarian told me the book on antigravity was a great read; couldn't put it down.
The optometrist opened a business, but it didn't have much vision.
The plumber who got fired for being too slow really let it drain on him.
The origami store closed down; too much paper work.
The two silkworms had a race; it ended in a tie.
The astronaut's diary was out of this world.
The butcher backed into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
The physicist gave a lecture on time travel, and it was a hit both yesterday and tomorrow.
The nurse handed the doctor a thermometer, but he said, "I don't have the patience for this."
The mathematician's plant died because he didn't know its square roots.
The exterminator married the beekeeper; they're a real buzz-worthy couple.
The candle factory closed down after a big burn-out.
The two windmills in the field were talking; one said, "I love being a fan of renewable energy."
The dog gave birth to puppies on the sidewalk because she was a labracadabra-dog, get it, no wait.
The bakery down the street stopped selling bread; guess they couldn't make enough dough.
The wedding was so emotional that even the cake was in tiers.
The two peanuts walked into a bar, and one was a-salted.
The fisherman's business went under after he sold too many bad plaice.
The two antennas met on a roof, fell in love, and got married; the ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
The archaeologist's career was in ruins.
Doctors say the best way to cure a hangnail is to just let it go, cuticle by cuticle.
Doctors are now saying that a good sense of humor may add years to your life; a bad one, however, will take days off.
A magician was driving down the road; then he turned into a driveway.
A weather forecaster's job can really change from day to day.
A ship carrying red paint collided with a ship carrying blue paint; both crews were marooned.
A group of chess players checked into a hotel and stood around in the lobby bragging about their games; after an hour, the manager came out and asked them to disperse because he can't stand chess-nuts boasting in an open foyer.
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon and says, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
A grasshopper walks into a bar; the bartender says, "We have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper replies, "You have a drink named Steve?"
A jump rope tried to get out of gym class by saying it was feeling a little worn out.
A book on how to succeed at levitation is impossible to put down, especially the last chapter.
An escaped prisoner who was a physics teacher got recaptured because he couldn't resist the pull of gravity.
A limbo champion who was also a locksmith really knew how to go low and let people in.
An old snowman started to smell as it melted, so it had to go to water treatment.
A hungry clock always goes back four seconds for seconds.
A baby's laugh is contagious, but a dad joke is chronic.
A calendar's days are numbered, but at least it always turns over a new leaf.
A broom in the corner said it was just sweeping through the neighborhood.
A cactus doesn't make a great cuddle partner, but it does have a lot of good points.
A snail asked a slug for a lift, but he said no thanks, I'm shellfish.
A group of clouds got together to form a thunderstorm; it was a real cloud-sourcing effort.
A dentist and a manicurist fought all the time; they always seemed to fight tooth and nail.
A kleptomaniac stole a calendar; he got twelve months.
A hen who laid an odd-shaped egg just called it an oddity.
A cow that won't give milk is an udder failure.
A boiled egg every morning is hard to beat.
A chicken farmer's business really scrambled after a rough season.
A stick of dynamite always makes a big impression before it leaves.
A frisbee that won't come back is just a stick, again.
A snowball fight is really just an icy way of saying hello.
A knight lost his armor in a chess match; he was in a real pickle after that.
A fisherman lost his job because he couldn't net enough sales.
A judge who loved baking said the best thing about being a judge is you can really lay down the law and the icing.
A tailor who worked too fast always had to take things in stride.
A rubber band factory really pulled through this quarter.
A boomerang salesman was surprised how well his product kept coming back to him.
A weather balloon's job really has its ups and downs.
A clock's favorite dessert is always seconds.
A calendar salesman said his job is really just about the numbers.
A ghost's favorite dessert is boo-berry pie.
A vampire's favorite fruit is a blood orange.
A skeleton's least favorite season is winter, because the cold really gets to the bone.
A mummy's favorite type of music is wrap.
A werewolf's favorite day of the week is moon-day.
A witch's favorite subject in school is spelling.
A zombie's favorite type of vegetable is brain sprouts.
A pirate's favorite letter isn't R, it's the C.
A snowman's favorite snack is an ice-berg burger.
A bee's favorite composer is Bee-thoven.
A shark's favorite state to visit is Finland.
A frog's favorite drink is croak-a-cola.
A owl's favorite subject is owl-gebra.
A cow's favorite holiday is moo-year's.
A penguin's favorite place to shop is the freezer aisle.
A spider's favorite website is the world wide web, obviously.
A dog's favorite type of math is calculus, because it's ruff.
A cat's favorite color is purr-ple.
A horse's favorite party game is stable tennis.
A shark's favorite subject in school is fin-ance.
A duck's favorite treat is quack-ers.
A turkey's favorite day is Thanksgiving eve, right before things get roasted.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough, so I'm out of the business now.
I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthesia; he said I could give it a shot.
I'm reading a book about teleportation; it's bound to take me places.
I'm writing a book on reverse psychology; do not buy it.
I got a job at the orange juice factory, but I got canned; I just couldn't concentrate.
I used to be a tailor, but I wasn't suited for it.
I applied to be a wizard, but they said I didn't have the right spell-ing.
I used to be an electrician, but I lost all motivation.
I quit my job at the shoe factory; it just wasn't a good fit.
I got a job as a linguist, but it turned out to be too much of a mouthful.
I quit my job as a historian; there was no future in it.
I gave up my job as a lumberjack; I just couldn't hack it.
I tried to become a tailor, but I just wasn't suited for it, and that's the last pun about tailors, I promise.
I once worked at a orange juice factory, but got squeezed out.
I used to work as a stationery supplier, but I got bored.
I quit my job as a mattress salesman; too much lying down on the job.
I tried working as a zoo keeper, but the tigers kept giving me the third degree.
I used to work as a fishmonger, but I couldn't cut the mustard, only the cod.
I got fired from the keyboard factory; I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
I used to be a banker, but then I lost interest, again, but I really mean it this time.
I quit my job as a chimney sweep because I was getting nowhere fast.
I got hired at the balloon factory, but I couldn't handle the pressure.
I used to be a florist, but I couldn't make ends meet.
I applied for a job digging holes; the interviewer said there were no vacancies.
I got fired from the trampoline factory; apparently I bounced too many checks.
I used to sell lamps for a living, but the business had no future.
I tried working at the ladder factory, but it was one step forward, two steps back.
I got a job at the fan factory, but I quit; the work was fan-tastic but the pay was a total blow-out.
I used to work at a mirror factory; I could really see myself doing it, but then I couldn't.
I applied for a job at the bell factory but got the sack; the pay just wasn't up to par.
I quit my job as a signmaker; I just couldn't read the writing on the wall.
I used to work in a shoe shop, but I got tired of people walking all over me.
I applied for a job as a spy, but they said I didn't have the right cover.
I used to be a taxidermist, but I couldn't stuff the job any longer.
I used to work in the circus as a human cannonball, but I got fired; they said I wasn't up to it.
Why don't mountains ever get cold? They wear snow caps.
Why don't skeletons go trick-or-treating? They have no body to go with.
Why did the burglar hang up his stocking? He didn't want to miss any Christmas presents.
Why did the ice cream truck break down? It had too many rocky roads.
Why did the couch go to the doctor? It was feeling really run down.
Why did the pillow go to therapy? It kept getting stuffed with problems.
Why did the calculator break up with the pencil? It just didn't add up anymore.
Why did the printer get promoted? It was outstanding at its craft.
Why did the sun go to school? To get a few more degrees.
Why did the moon skip dinner? It was already full.
Why did the traffic light turn red? You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street.
Why did the bicycle need a kickstand? It couldn't stand on its own two wheels.
Why did the tomato sauce win an award? Because it was outstanding in its field, and also very saucy.
Why did the smartphone break up with the tablet? It found someone more compatible.
Why did the router go to therapy? It had connection issues.
Why did the keyboard file a complaint? Somebody kept pressing its buttons.
Why did the wifi propose to the router? Because they had a strong connection.
Why did the shy pebble want to be like his brother? He wanted to be a little boulder.
Why did the coffee cup break up with the tea kettle? It needed some space to steep.
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill? To get to the bottom.
Why did the broom get a promotion? It swept the competition.
Why did the pencil get sent to the principal's office? It kept making a point.
Why did the calendar go on a diet? It had too many days.
Why did the paper towel get invited to every party? It always knew how to soak things up.
Why did the sponge apply for a loan? It was feeling a bit absorbed in debt.
Why did the lamp get a time-out? It kept acting bright.
Why did the umbrella get promoted? It always covered for everyone.
Why did the shoe stay home from the party? It didn't have enough sole.
Why did the sock go to school? To get a little more well-rounded.
Why did the jacket go to the doctor? It had a zipper problem.
Why did the hat go to the therapist? It had a lot on its mind.
Why did the mirror get invited everywhere? Everyone loved its reflections.
Why did the candle break up with the match? It said the spark was gone.
Why did the ice cube go to school? To become a little cooler.
Why did the snowflake get a promotion? It really stood out from the crowd.
Why did the raincoat stay so calm? It always keeps its cool under pressure.
Why did the thermometer go to college? To get a few more degrees.
Why did the map win an award? It really knew how to navigate the competition.
Why did the compass feel lost? It couldn't find its true north for a while.
Why did the kite get in trouble? It kept flying off the handle.
Why did the balloon go to the party? It heard things were about to pop off.
Why did the trampoline apologize? It felt like it let everyone down.
Why did the rubber duck win an award? It was outstanding in its pond.
Why did the treadmill quit? It felt like it was going nowhere.
Why did the yoga mat get promoted? It really knew how to stretch itself.
Why did the barbell go to therapy? It had a lot of heavy issues.
Why did the sneaker apply for a job? It wanted to get a leg up.
Why did the umbrella win an award? It always came through in the rain.
Why did the raincloud get invited to the party? Everyone thought it would be a real downpour of fun.
Why did the snowman call his friend? He just wanted to break the ice.
Why did the leaf go to therapy? It was afraid of falling.
Why did the tree get promoted? It really knew how to branch out.
Why did the flower blush? Because the bee kept buzzing around it.
Why did the garden hose get a promotion? It really knew how to go with the flow.
Why did the lawnmower get a raise? It really knew how to cut it.
Why did the rake get invited to the party? It always knew how to gather everyone together.
Why did the shovel win an award? It was outstanding in the field, no pun intended, okay maybe a little.
Why did the watering can go to therapy? It felt like it was always pouring its heart out.
Why did the greenhouse get promoted? It really knew how to grow the business.
Why did the seed refuse to grow? It didn't want to put down roots yet.
Why did the cactus go to the party? Because it heard it was a prickly good time.
Why did the sunflower always smile? It was always looking on the bright side.
Why did the vine get in trouble? It kept creeping around where it shouldn't.
What do you call a alligator who just had surgery? An investigator, recovering.
What do you call a group of unorganized cats? A cat-astrophe.
What do you call a very short psychic? A small medium at large.
What do you call a fish that wears a crown? The king of the sea, obviously.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? A depresso.
What do you call a bear caught in the rain? A drizzly bear.
What do you call a dinosaur that crashes his car? Tyrannosaurus wrecks.
What do you call a fake stone in Ireland? A sham rock.
What do you call an old bike sitting alone? Two-tired.
What do you call a can crusher in India? A soda-jerk.
What do you call a group of disorganized geese? A raggle.
What do you call a magician's dog? A labracadabrador, one more time for good measure.
What do you call a rich elf? Welfy.
What do you call an elf who sings? A wrapper.
What do you call an alligator who works for the FBI? An investigator, on official business.
What do you call a pig who does yoga? A pork chop, downward dog edition.
What do you call an artist who lives in your car? A car-toonist.
What do you call a droid that takes the scenic route? R2 detour, riding again.
What do you call a very organized flower bed? Well-planted.
What do you call a fish that can perform surgery? A sturgeon.
What do you call a cow that plays an instrument? A moo-sician.
What do you call an owl that studies math? A calcu-owl-ator.
What do you call a fruit that always tells the truth? An honest-dew melon.
What do you call a bird that lives underground? A mynah.
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs bunny.
What do you call a fish that can fix things? A handyman-tuna.
What do you call a dinosaur that loves to sleep in? A lazy-saurus.
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle.
What do you call a boomerang that won't return? A very confused stick.
What do you call an elephant in a phone booth? Stuck.
What do you call a fish who works two jobs? Moon-lighting.
What do you call a snowman in July? A puddle.
What do you call an alligator that got promoted? A senior investigator.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef jerky.
What do you call a nervous cow? Beef stroganoff, oddly enough.
What do you call a group of baby cows discussing philosophy? A think tank, but with calves.
What do you call a fish that wears a tuxedo every day? Sofishticated, formally.
What do you call an alarm clock that doesn't ring? A broken promise.
What do you call a chicken who tells jokes? A comedi-hen.
What do you call an owl party? A hoot-enanny.
What do you call a very musical fish? A piano-tuna.
What do you call a bear who loves to dance? A boogie bear.
What do you call a dog who does magic tricks at parties? Labracadabrador, the sequel.
What do you call a fish who loves to gamble? A card shark, but wet.
What do you call an elephant who never washes? A smellyphant.
What do you call a snake who works in construction? A boa constructor.
What do you call a pig who plays basketball? A ball hog.
What do you call a fish who's the best at everything? The sturgeon general.
What do you call a chicken staring at lettuce? Chicken sees a salad.
Doctors say I have a split personality; well, one of us disagrees.
Doctors say laughter is the best medicine; I guess that's why my aunt keeps dying of tuberculosis.
Doctors are baffled by a patient who swallowed a dictionary; he's still trying to find the words to describe how he feels.
Doctors say that eating too much cheese before bed gives you nightmares; I say it's just gouda for the soul.
Doctors have discovered a food that decreases a woman's sex drive by 90%; it's called a wedding cake.
Doctors just told me I have type A blood, but it was actually a typo.
Doctors say I'm addicted to Twitter, but I don't follow.
Doctors say my blood type is B-positive, so I try to stay B-positive about everything.
Doctors said the man with the fake arm and fake leg was doing fine, in fact, he was armed and outstanding.
Doctors are shocked that a man survived being hit by a bus; they say he was lucky and also quite bus-y.
Doctors have finally figured out what's wrong with my brother's short-term memory; I forget what they said.
Doctors say the patient who swallowed a roll of film should be fine; nothing's developed yet.
Doctors report the man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered.
Doctors say the guy who invented the door knocker won a No-bell prize.
Doctors say a balanced diet is a cookie in each hand.
A skeleton walked into a bar and asked for a beer and a mop.
A horse walks into a bar; the bartender asks, "Why the long face?"
A three-legged dog walks into an old west saloon and says, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw," again, but funnier.
A cheese factory exploded in France; there was nothing left but de Brie.
A man walked into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and said, "A beer, please, and one for the road."
A man walks into a bar with a piece of tarmac under his arm; he says, "Pint please, and one for the road."
A steak pun is a rare, medium, well-done kind of joke.
A soup kitchen worker who kept overcooking the broth said it was a taxing stock situation.
A biologist, a chemist, and a statistician are out hunting; the biologist shoots, misses five feet to the left; the chemist shoots, misses five feet to the right; the statistician yells, "We got him!"
A photon checks into a hotel; the bellhop asks if he needs help with luggage; the photon says, "No, I'm traveling light."
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and says, "Five beers, please."
A group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and were promptly evicted for boasting chess-nuts in the foyer.
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand and says, "Make me one with everything."
A jump rope shop had to close; business really tanked when the owner kept skipping town.
A ventriloquist walked into a bar with his dummy, and the bartender said, "Two beers, please," and the dummy said the same.
A man tells his doctor, "Doc, help me, I'm addicted to Twitter." The doctor replies, "Sorry, I don't follow you."
An invisible man marries an invisible woman; the kids were nothing to look at either.
A man walks into a library and asks for books about paranoia; the librarian says, "They're right behind you."
A guy walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder; the bartender asks what it's called; the guy says, "Tiny, because he's my newt."
An eskimo shot a movie in his igloo; it got frozen reviews.
A group of scarecrows started a band; their debut single was outstanding.
An elderly man told his doctor he wanted to be castrated; the doctor asked if he was sure since it's permanent, and the man said, "I'm sure, my wife keeps saying she wants me to be de-nutted."
A snail wrote to its mechanic complaining that his car goes too slow; the mechanic said, "I put a racing stripe on it; that should help it feel faster."
A prisoner's favorite punctuation mark is the period, because it means his sentence is over.
What do you call a mushroom who buys everyone a drink at the bar? A fun-gi.
What do you call a fish who's great at making decisions? Decisive-tuna.
What do you call a computer that sings? A-Dell.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear, take two, still funny.
What do you call an alligator who joined a monastery? An investi-gator of the soul.
What do you call a very tall pot? A high-pot-in-use.
What do you call a droid who loves the beach? R2-D-tan.
What do you call a dinosaur that never gives up? A try-ceratops.
What do you call a fish that's always right? Absolute-tuna.
What do you call a cat that loves to bowl? An alley cat.
What do you call a pig who's a great pitcher? A hamburger, wait, a pork-star.
What do you call a snowman with a great personality? Frost-bitten by charm.
What do you call a bee who can't make up his mind? A may-bee, encore.
What do you call an owl who's a magician? Hoo-dini, back for more.
What do you call a very organized library? Shelf-explanatory.
What do you call a dog who loves math? A labra-calculator.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest who solves crimes? An investigator in style.
What do you call two bananas that tell jokes? A pair of comedians, appeal-ing to everyone.
What do you call a very quiet library book? A hush-cover.
What do you call a fish that's the boss? The head honcho-tuna.
What do you call an ant that skips school? A truant.
What do you call a spider who just got a promotion? A web-developer.
What do you call a group of unorganized pens? A doodle mess.
What do you call a computer virus that tells jokes? A pun-drive.
What do you call a very cold dinosaur? A brontosaurus-icicle.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
Why did the sun refuse to go to the party? It was already too bright for the room.
Why did the ocean break up with the beach? It felt like it was being taken for granite, no wait, that's rocks.
Why did the volcano go to therapy? It had a lot of pent-up feelings.
Why did the river file a complaint? It felt like it was always being taken for granted.
Why did the cloud get a promotion? It really knew how to make it rain results.
Why did the star refuse to twinkle? It just wasn't feeling bright that day.
Why did the planet break up with the moon? It needed some space.
Why did the astronaut bring a broom to space? To sweep up the stardust.
Why did the comet show up late to the party? It got caught in traffic near the asteroid belt.
Why did the black hole win the award? It really sucked up the competition.
Why did the satellite break up with the rocket? It needed more space in the relationship.
Why did the robot go on a diet? It had a byte problem.
Why did the smartphone go to the doctor? It caught a virus.
Why did the laptop wear a sweater? It didn't want to catch a cold, or a virus.
Why did the software update take so long? It had a lot of bugs to work through.
Why did the app go to therapy? It kept crashing under pressure.
Why did the website go to the doctor? It had too many bad links.
Why did the email get rejected? It had too much spam in its history.
Why did the browser get grounded? It kept opening too many tabs behind its parents' back.
Why did the mouse go to school? To improve his click-ability.
Why did the printer break up with the copier? It felt like it was always being duplicated.
Why did the USB stick feel lonely? It kept getting left out.
Why did the battery feel proud? It was fully charged with confidence.
Why did the Wi-Fi go to the party? It heard the connection would be strong.
Why did the calculator apologize? It figured it had made a mistake.
Why did the ruler get promoted? It really measured up to the job.
Why did the eraser feel useless? Everyone kept overlooking its point, or lack thereof.
Why did the glue stick get invited everywhere? It really knew how to stick with people.
Why did the paperclip win the award? It really held everything together.
Why did the stapler get a raise? It always bound the team together.
Why did the notebook feel important? It had a lot on its pages.
Why did the textbook fail the class? It had too many issues to work through, and it never listened.
Why did the backpack apply for a loan? It was carrying too much weight.
Why did the locker feel trapped? It couldn't open up about its feelings.
Why did the desk get a promotion? It really knew how to support the team.
Why did the whiteboard feel erased? Nobody remembered what it said.
Why did the chalk feel dusty? It had been through a lot of lessons.
Why did the classroom feel tense? Too many pop quizzes without warning.
Why did the school bus break down? It ran out of the will to go on that route again.
Why did the cafeteria worker win an award? Best in the field of lunch trays.
Why did the recess bell get promoted? Everyone loved hearing from it.
Why did the report card feel nervous? It knew it was about to be graded.
Why did the pencil case feel crowded? Too many sharp personalities inside.
Why did the calculator feel confident? It always knew the right answer.
Why did the map feel proud? It always knew the way.
Why did the globe feel dizzy? It kept spinning around all day.
Why did the atlas win an award? Because it really covered all the bases, geographically speaking.
Why did the history book feel old? It had seen it all before.
Why did the science lab feel explosive? Too many reactions happening at once.
Why did the microscope feel small? It always had to zoom in on the details.
Why did the telescope feel distant? It was always looking at things far away.
Why did the beaker feel overwhelmed? It had too much to hold.
Why did the periodic table win an award? It really had all the right elements.
Why did the equation feel unsolved? It just couldn't find its balance.
Why did the fraction feel incomplete? It was always part of something bigger.
Why did the geometry teacher stay calm? She knew how to find her angles.
Why did the graph feel important? It always had a point to make.
Why did the number line feel endless? It just kept going and going.
Why did zero feel worthless? Everyone said he didn't count for anything, which wasn't fair.
Why did the fraction refuse to date the decimal? It felt things were a little too point-based.
Why did seven eat nine? Because you're supposed to eat eight, but seven got confused.
Why did six feel afraid? Because seven eight nine, allegedly.
Why did the calculator break up with the abacus? It felt outdated.
Why did the ruler feel confident about the test? It knew all the right measurements.
Why did the protractor win the popularity contest? Everyone thought it had all the right angles.
Why did the compass never get lost? It always knew which way to go.
Why did the triangle feel proud? It always had a point.
Why did the circle never argue? It didn't have any sharp edges.
Why did the square feel stable? It always had four solid sides to lean on.
Why did the octagon get a job as a stop sign? It really knew how to command attention.
Why did the pentagon feel secure? It had five solid walls of support.
Why did the hexagon feel well-rounded? It had plenty of sides to see every issue.
Why did the rhombus feel misunderstood? Everyone just called it a weird square.
Why did the cylinder feel steady? It always had a solid base to stand on.
Why did the sphere never get in an argument? It just rolled with everything.
Why did the cone feel sharp? It always had a point to make, literally.
Why did the cube feel balanced? It had six sides to consider every angle.
Why did the pyramid feel ancient? It had been standing for thousands of years, no wonder it's tired.
Why did the prism feel colorful? It always saw the bright side of light.
Why did the parallelogram never fight? It always found a way to stay balanced on both sides.
Why did the trapezoid feel odd? It never had two sides that matched.
Why did the vertex feel important? Everything came together at his point.
Why did the diameter feel important? It went straight through the heart of the matter.
Why did the radius feel humble? It only went halfway compared to the diameter.
Why did the perimeter feel exhausted? It had to go all the way around every time.
Why did the area feel proud? It covered a lot of ground.
Why did the volume turn up the confidence? It really knew how to fill space.
What do you call a shape that never lies? An honest-agon.
What do you call two shapes that get along? A perfect pair-allelogram.
What do you call a bear with no socks? Bare-foot.
What do you call a fish who wants to climb a mountain? Ambitious, and also a fish, so unlikely.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little horse.
What do you call an alligator who became a lawyer? An investi-gator turned litigator.
What do you call a snowman who works out? An abdominal snowman, but buffer.
What do you call a cat who loves pizza? A purr-oni lover.
What do you call a very calm sea lion? A seal of approval.
What do you call a dog who can predict the weather? A meteor-hound.
What do you call a bird who's always broke? A cheep-skate.
What do you call a fish who loves music? A bass-ically talented singer.
What do you call a shark who's very polite? A gentle-fin.
What do you call a spider who's a great dancer? A web-jiver.
Why did the golfer bring extra shoes to the tournament? In case he got a hole in one, and needed to celebrate in style.
Why did the tennis player bring a ladder to the match? To reach a higher serve.
Why did the basketball player bring a map? He kept losing his way to the free-throw line.
Why did the swimmer always win? She was always ahead of the current competition.
Why did the runner bring a snack? To keep pace with her energy needs.
Why did the boxer bring an umbrella? In case there was a shower of punches.
Why did the cyclist bring extra batteries? For the long haul ahead.
Why did the skier bring a map? To make sure he was on the right slope.
Why did the surfer bring a calendar? To catch the next big wave date.
Why did the bowler bring extra socks? In case he got a spare.
Why did the archer bring a snack? To hit the bullseye on lunch too.
Why did the fisherman bring a calendar? To keep track of his best catches.
Why did the hiker bring a ladder? To reach new heights on the trail.
Why did the camper bring an alarm clock? To wake up to the great outdoors on time.
Why did the mountain climber bring a rope to the party? To help everyone reach new social heights.
Why did the sailor bring a compass to the picnic? To make sure the sandwiches were oriented correctly.
Why did the chef bring a thermometer to the comedy show? To measure how well the jokes were roasting.
Why did the campfire get a round of applause? It was simply lit.
I tried to write a joke about a broken pencil, but it was pointless.
Why did the calendar apply for a job? It wanted a fresh start every month.
I asked the gym for a refund; they said no pain, no gain.
Why did the coffee machine file a complaint? It kept getting grounds for dismissal.
My alarm clock and I are in a committed on-and-off relationship.
Why did the tomato win the race? It ketchup at the last second.
Why did the smoothie go to therapy? It had too many mixed feelings.
I told my suitcase we're not going on vacation this year; now I'm dealing with emotional baggage.
